# Category-Three
Category-Three
Category three, Databases, highlights my ability to work with and understand databases. Using the artifacts from category one and two, I created a useable web interface for the application. I implemented the web interface using html and css on the front end and python/flask for the backend. This web interface securely connects to our database, validates the users log in information against what is stored in the database and then uses design concepts to navigate the user to the correct menu based off their role. I wanted to showcase my UI/UX understanding by keeping the application simple for users that aren’t as technologically savvy. While it goes against best practices, I added a css stylesheet to just the home page while used HTML inline for the remainder of the pages. I wanted to show an understanding of HTML/CSS interfacing using several different paths. This web based application is easily scalable and would require little modification to be implemented with other databases. 
This was the most challenging category for me personally. I learned a lot about full stack development and how flask works, having never previously used it. I wanted to test myself and I feel confident with the results of this interface. I relied heavily on the flask documentation to prepare myself for the real world where I may obtain a job using languages I’m not familiar with. While it’s easy to find examples online, I found the documentation to be the most helpful as well as accurate. This web interface is in its most basic form and I look forward to adding more functionality and complexity over time to highlight my further growth after obtaining my degree. 
To test this application please use the following
<li>Username: admin </li>
<li>Password: password </li>
<li>Role: admin </li>
